crickets01.ogg                                                   thedogryan420
https://freesound.org/people/thedogryan420/sounds/146033/

crickets02.ogg                                                   samwd
https://freesound.org/people/samwd/sounds/402733/

frog.ogg                                                         JohnLaVine333, GrayGaffer
https://freesound.org/people/JohnLaVine333/sounds/387887/
https://freesound.org/people/GrayGaffer/sounds/87786/

hawk.ogg                                                         UncleSigmund
https://freesound.org/people/UncleSigmund/sounds/42389/

mwtoad.ogg                                                       felix.blume
https://freesound.org/people/felix.blume/sounds/252647/

owl01.ogg                                                        Anthousai
https://freesound.org/people/Anthousai/sounds/398734/

owl02.ogg                                                        BlueDelta
https://freesound.org/people/BlueDelta/sounds/367964/

sea01.ogg , sea02.ogg , sea03.ogg                                pulswelle
https://freesound.org/people/pulswelle/sounds/339517/

alarm.ogg                                                        sirplus
https://freesound.org/people/sirplus/sounds/25031/

woodpecker.ogg                                                   loberg77
https://freesound.org/people/loberg77/sounds/394753/

dog01.ogg & dog02.ogg                                            roman_cgr
https://freesound.org/people/roman_cgr/sounds/415022/

cicadas01 & cicadas02                                            burkay, mannhawks, dan_keck
https://freesound.org/people/burkay/sounds/322616/
https://freesound.org/people/mannhawks/sounds/162682/
https://freesound.org/people/dan_keck/sounds/347042/

elevator.ogg                                                     DigPro120
https://freesound.org/people/DigPro120/sounds/432645/

raven01.ogg                                                      dauser
https://freesound.org/people/dauser/sounds/328846/

raven02.ogg                                                      kentdavies959
https://freesound.org/people/kentdavies959/sounds/466666/

coyote01.ogg                                                     felix.blume, dkaufman
https://freesound.org/people/felix.blume/sounds/215141/
https://freesound.org/people/dkaufman/sounds/256533/

coyote02.ogg                                                     tubbers, romancito
https://freesound.org/people/tubbers/sounds/201454/
https://freesound.org/people/romancito/sounds/353273/

seagull01.ogg , seagull02                                        squashy555, Bansemer, Snapper4298 
https://freesound.org/people/squashy555/
https://freesound.org/people/Bansemer/
https://freesound.org/people/Snapper4298/

fox.ogg                                                          Simon Spiers, Setzilla
https://freesound.org/people/Simon%20Spiers/sounds/431302/
https://freesound.org/people/Setzilla/sounds/173208/

bell.ogg                                                         pulsewelle
https://freesound.org/people/pulswelle/sounds/245605/

desertwind.ogg
https://freesound.org/people/kangaroovindaloo/sounds/397445/     kangaroovindaloo

The sounds were trimmed and/or mixed with other sounds under the same license. Some were edited into a loop to be usable in the game.
